---
published: true
layout: static
permalink: policies
title: GTK Press Payment & Shipping Policies
---

##Welcome

I hope you find something special for you or your loved one, here at GTK Press! Should you have any questions that aren't answered below, please don't hesitate to contact us.

##Payment

GTK Press accepts payments through PayPal. You do not need a PayPal Account to pay for your items through PayPal:

You can choose the PayPal Option during checkout. After you submit your order click the "Pay Now" button. Scroll Down and you will see the option to pay with a Credit or Debit Card WITHOUT having to sign up for a PayPal account.

Packages will NOT be sent until the payment has been received. Customers are obliged to pay within three days of placing the order. GTK Press will provide you with one additional day (that's four days total). If payment has not been received on the fourth day, the transaction will be cancelled. 

If you are having issues with PayPal or any other aspect of the transaction, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will work with you to accommodate your needs.

##Shipping

All orders will ship within 3-5 business days from the date of payment. All packages will be sent via USPS. When shipping overseas, customs can delay packages by up to 6 weeks. This doesn't happen often, but it can happen.

All orders are sent via standard mail, unless noted otherwise. Notify the seller prior to making the purchase, if priority or first class mail is preferred.

If the shipping address is different from the address provided through Etsy or PayPal, please contact the seller prior to payment. If the Etsy and PayPal addresses are different, and no special instruction has been provided, GTK Press will send the order to the address provided through Etsy.

##Refunds and Exchanges

I'm sorry but at this time GTK Press cannot accept refunds or exchanges, please purchase seriously.

##Additional Policies and FAQs

If you're purchasing an GTK Press item as a gift, special packaging and a hand written note can be included at no extra cost. Please use the "contact the seller" link at the bottom of the page to inform us of the occasion, shipping address, and personal message to be included in the package

