---
layout: title
permalink: citi
cover: 11986490_10153596374049764_3414184819326772403_n.jpg
description: "In collaboration with Red Giant Books we announce the release of RA Washington's new novel, CITI."
author: RA Washington
price: "15"
releasedate: "2015-09-20"
instock: true
numinstock: "200"
collection: "collaborations-series"
isbn: "9780990543572"
numpages: "175"
dimensions: ""
published: true
title: Citi
category: title
---





In collaboration with Red Giant Books we announce the release of RA Washington's new novel, _CITI._ 

Here's what people are saying-

> “During the 30 years I was active in politics I would read novels to relax, to reflect, or to just imagine myself anywhere other than in City Hall. I ain’t never read anything as honest, imaginative and utterly scary as CITI. At first I thought it was about me; shit, where has this guy been?”

**-Mike White, Former Mayor of Cleveland**


> RA Washington’s new novel, CITI, simultaneously explodes and expands our notions of gender, race, identity, and storytelling itself. Structured in vignettes that are by turns metafictional, narrative, and philosophical, the novel achieves a unified and electrifying effect. Washington is equally fluent in the argot of the street and the lingo of postmodernism. He can write a sentence that lures you in its effortless grace, and he can jar you to wakefulness with abrupt dissonance. This is a beautifully brazen and important novel. I cannot recommend it highly enough.

**-Okla Elliott, author of The Cartographer’s Ink and From a Crooked Timber**


> CITI is Washington at the peak of his powers, its poetics achieve a frenzy that left me holding my delusions at bay. I thought I changed, only to realize at its beautiful end that I never was in the in the first place.

**-Mark Cronin, author of Gigantic Failures**
